# ELECTION-RESULT-PREDICTION-AND-ANALYSIS-BASED-ON-TWITTER-DATASET
Using Random Forest Algorithm to predict election results, based on twitter dataset.

Sentiment Analysis have influence on user generated content such as blogs, ecommerce sites etc. The aftereffects of Sentiment Analysis are standing out enough to be noticed with advertisers that they can assess the accomplishment of a promoting effort or the demeanor of individuals on another item dispatch. Entrepreneurs and promoting organizations are utilizing Sentiment Analysis to begin new business procedures and to recognize openings for new item improvement. The various sources collected tweets were meant to be classified as positive, negative and neutral, based on polarity. The machine learning classifier algorithms cross validation were applied on the dataset and the results were tabulated for comparing and estimating which classifier algorithm yields the best accuracy. Other execution metric qualities like F Score, Precision, Recall were additionally determined for correlation of different classifier exhibitions on Sentiment Analysis Our system along with machine learning methods and Random forest algorithms proves to be giving better accuracy score compared to earlier methods. We have used the concept of AUC (or Area Under the Curve) which highlights important aspects based on the graphs and helps us reach the optimum possible accuracy with the prediction of results which takes into consideration of various aspects of individuals attitude and behavior as they project on social media.
